around the world the name cannon is
synonymous with superb performance and
excellent and image processing the Canon
digital camcorder is no exception with
us is matt lange game coming back to
tell us more about the cannons er 600
digital camcorder Matt hi Melissa thanks
for having me back this is the Canon
z600 digital camcorder as a must-have
for anyone who wants to capture life's
moments in vivid detail it's really the
perfect balance between style
performance and affordability well let's
jump right in want you to tell our
viewers about some of the features sure
one of the best features is canons 2.7
inch LCD widescreen which makes it
extremely easy to shoot digital video
and it also has a genuine 25 x optical
zoom which really allows you to get in
there and capture those really tight
shots and the 25 x optical zoom is
canons longest in a camcorder so it's
perfect for any sequence well you
mentioned widescreen once you tell our
viewers more about this important
feature sure what did you know that
every HDTV is in widescreen format all
right so this myth image is now made for
the widescreen format instead of adapted
to so the great thing about it is it
will fill your entire wide screen
without having to stretch the image or
having a regular square image with blank
spots on the sides well that sounds
great but help me with this one how do I
keep my videos from looking like The
Blair Witch Project I mean it's hard to
keep my hand and my arm steady while on
the go with the digital camcorder right
well Canon thought of that they have a
terrific image stabilization feature
which will correct camcorder shake they
also have another feature that will
avoid a crooked shot it's called level
control feature and it overlays a
horizontal marker and a center indicator
so it'll allow you to guide it off of
the horizon and that's all featured with
a touch of a button well that's great
well just by looking at the camera you
can tell that this is a perfect
camcorder for anyone I mean it's small
in size it's lightweight it's perfect
for someone like me who doesn't want to
carry around a bulky camera is there
anything else our viewers should know
about the Zr 600 well sure it has a
smooth controlled zoom
which is great it allows you to take
professional style zooming shots there's
three preset settings for those it also
incorporates the same features as a lot
of the digital cameras there's
progressive photo for sharp detailed
photos special scene modes and also
image effects it has a nine-point a IAF
autofocus and simultaneous photo
recording plus in order to share video
in photos you have a 4-pin DV in out
terminal it conforms to the ieee-1394
standard so you use a single cable to
transfer your videos I cannot believe
that all those features are in one tiny
camera and at a very low price thank you
Matt for coming back and telling us more
about the cannons er 600 thanks for
having me check it out